Add NavigationTransition.to docs (#43626)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/navigationtransition/index.md

The **`NavigationTransition`** interface of the {{domxref("Navigation API", "Navigation API", "", "nocode")}} represents an ongoing navigation, that is, a navigation that hasn't yet reached the {{domxref("Navigation/navigatesuccess_event", "navigatesuccess")}} or {{domxref("Navigation/navigateerror_event", "navigateerror")}} stage.

> It is accessed via the {{domxref("Navigation.transition")}} property. This is only available during a [navigation interception](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigation/navigate_event#handling_a_navigation_using_intercept).

Reviewer: Thanks! So how about we are very precise?

```suggestion
It is accessed via the {{domxref("Navigation.transition")}} property.
However it is only populated within the [`intercept()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/NavigateEvent/intercept) handler (i.e. during a [navigation interception](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigation/navigate_event#handling_a_navigation_using_intercept)), and is otherwise `null`.
```

> It is accessed via the {{domxref("Navigation.transition")}} property. This is only available during a [navigation interception](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigation/navigate_event#handling_a_navigation_using_intercept).

Reviewer: Thanks. FYI, I'm away until maybe Easter Monday after today, so won't be looking again until then.

> It is accessed via the {{domxref("Navigation.transition")}} property. However, `Navigation.transition` is only populated while the [`intercept()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/NavigateEvent/intercept) handler is unresolved (i.e., during a [navigation interception](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigation/navigate_event#handling_a_navigation_using_intercept)), and is otherwise `null`.

Reviewer: Good information. I'm being pedantic, but I think this is a little easier to read.

```suggestion
It is accessed via the {{domxref("Navigation.transition")}} property.
Note that this property is only populated while the [`intercept()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/NavigateEvent/intercept) handler is unresolved (i.e., during a [navigation interception](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigation/navigate_event#handling_a_navigation_using_intercept)), and is otherwise `null`.
```
